guys we did it we reached 100,000
subscribers I just want to say thanks
for all your support and definitely your
patience I know I tend to disappear a
lot again it's not because I've been
slacking I've been working really hard
on multiple projects and I have these
moon crater eye bags to show for it but
yeah wow what a milestone I know this is
cliche but I couldn't have gone here
without you all except those of you who
ragequit along the way due to impatience
see you're not included in this shout
out go yeah so yeah thank you my fandom
let's go for 500k maybe yes okay moving
on
I want to recap anime North before it's
no longer relevant it was my first time
going to a convention of any sort I had
a blast
toys honestly I wasn't used to having so
many people come up to me knowing
exactly who I was but for those of you
who did and to those who saw me but were
too shy to say hi thank you I it really
meant a lot because it was a constant
reassurance that people enjoy what I do
and in turn it further helped me enjoy
what I do myself and do myself Friday I
came a little late because I had to
finish up an animation job but so good I
got to meet Lily Pichu player POV and
Natsume for the first time in person and
although I was the odd one out who
really didn't play League they made me
feel welcome to the group nonetheless I
was still kind of pissy that our YouTube
panel was scheduled at such a ridiculous
time I even doubted if a lot of people
would show up but before that at where
at one point I split with a group to go
to the dealer's room where all the
merchants were right I only had about
ten minutes until they closed for the
night and at the entrance to the actual
dealer's space there's this sneaking
barricaded line that leads up to it
now when the place first opens up
earlier in the day the line for that is
longer than the time it takes for me to
upload in your video but at night when
there's like 10 minutes left
that thing's empty so I'm like I got 10
minutes left
ain't nobody got time for that I hopped
the bar again empty line I know what
it's like to have impatient people do
that kind of junk so I make sure not to
be a hypocrite I get to the actual
entrance and the two moderators that
stop me one of them goes should I let
him in and the other shakes his head
then the first guy gestures me to turn
around and says you can't cut I turned
around no one there who did I cut I
guess there were the type of people to
go by the book and I don't want to waste
any more time on that so I'm like eh
whatever turned around and jogged back
to the end of the line I don't even know
why I bothered going through it again
because I have like five minutes left
once I got inside and I didn't end up
buying anything anyway so yeah so after
that it was time to set up for the panel
and I'm like Kay let's get this over
with
time for sexy dance party because
everyone who's going to show up it's
probably tired because we're scheduled
so late I meet up with the others and
we're looking for the room after some
twists and turns we get to this hallway
where there was like a group of a
hundred people at the time I knew other
panels were still going on in the
adjacent room so I didn't think these
people were here for us sike the moment
we approached the group several of them
were already yelling out our names and
I'm like no way there's this many people
I started to get excited the moderators
try to organize them a bit and said
everyone who's here for the YouTube
panel line up against the wall and this
line totally went down the whole hallway
and even snaked around a bit i shat my
pants so the sex and the single otaku
which was the panel before us finishes
up and we find that it's this tiny ass
room that probably only fits like the 30
people I'm thinking no way we can fit
everyone in this room and you know what
happens you know what they did the
moderators actually tell us and everyone
lined up that we're relocating to
another panel room which seated maybe
200 or more people
Oh shat my pants again it was a great
sight and although I knew that a good
chunk of those people had no idea who I
was I was just happy that that many
people came to see us it was great too
because when we registered it was only
going to be Sachi darryl clover Natsume
and I but because we had all this extra
space we got to include Lilly Cody and a
surprise guest dr. Holick oz to be
panelists as well although we were all
nervous as hell we had a lot of fun with
the panel and I got to say that was the
highlight of my experience at anime
North Saturday was also really fun
because of her meet up in front of the
building more people showed up and even
some who were at the panel came to see
us again I got to sign shirts badges
mousepad boobs and even a bear's paw and
Sunday was when I did my shopping in the
artist alley in dealers room because
everyone knows the last day is haggling
day
overall it great experience and I
definitely look forward to next year but
until then see you guys at Anime Expo
and VidCon
you